See also

 * http://piratepad.net/bricolabexhibit
 * http://piratepad.net/briconversations
 * http://piratepad.net/bripixconf
 * http://piratepad.net/bripixremote

Who said they will (or want to) be there:

People who need visa
 * Camilo Cantor CO (else Oscar from la n-esima) (probably from our production budget and/or shared with re:publica) (invitation sent via email)

People from Brasil, US and Mx don't need a visa:
 * Felipe Fonseca BR (will be in Europe already - but with no return ticket to Brazil so far)
 * Pedro Bayeux - BR proposal with Maira Begalli  http://piratepad.net/khC9fMx43g (he can apply travel funds from the ministry of culture)
 * Ivan Henriques BR (could apply for support from Brasilian ministry of culture)
 * John Hopkins (if we can get funds from the American embassy? heh, could be, that would be great, tho' uncommon)
 * Vlax MX (proposing a colaboration with people from Colombia, and exhibit; more below)

Coming from Europe
 * Guacamole FR (want... paula) (radio frequencies...) (Paula, do you have any more info about Guacamole?)  
 * Rob van Kranenburg NL Not coming anymore
 * Jerneja Rebernak SI (probably from our production budget) (tried the Slovenian Embassy, no luck)
 * James Wallbank UK 
 * Kasia Molga UK/PL (support from British Council? (British Council stopped giving support to artists at present sadly, due to budget cuts))
 * Brian Degger, Newcastle, UK 
 * 
Already in Helsinki
 * Tapio Mäkelä FI (already in Helsinki)
 * Owen Kelly FI (already in Helsinki)

Who said they want to participate remotely
 * Vincenzo Tozzi (in Brazil, Casa de Cultura Tainã)
 * John Hopkins (in Colorado, US)
 * Maira Begalli + Mariel Zasso (maybe) - in Brazil, Riacho Grande - proposal in portuguese only -  http://piratepad.net/khC9fMx43g)
 * vanessa gocksh- Intermundos / Pixelazo / Pixelazo from El Ensueno - Rio Palomino - Guajira (permaculture / residency space/lab in the jungle on the Sierra Nevada - we are working on getting conectivity there!!! 2gs  is what we have now so we dont even know if we could really stream in May) -  last IRC chat it was not very clear that we could do a stream either. My proposal at this point is for us to wait and see what the people from Bricolabs that will be on site during Pixelache decide to do insofar as streams, please inform day, time, duration, format and according to this we will decide if we can do something or not....My proposal would  not be to do a conference type thing but show something that is being done (like a water ritual or making a house or an oven, dont know yet depends on what will need to be done that day)  + perhaps an open irc to chat with people in Pixelache and answer questions if necessary + it would be good if we could have a video of something being done in Finland at the same time!!!
 * Bruno Vianna (in Brazil, from Nuvem)(if the ferry thing happens, another idea would be to take the ferry in Rio and make a streaming from there) => connectivity on the ferry is not to be trusted
 * Vicky Sinclair - streaming - will need a bit of budget to get to a well-connected place and a little towards accommodation subsidies

 * Who's committing to what
 * Jerneja and John Hopinks - reader/publication - http://piratepad.net/briconversations
 * Alejo, Tapio, Kasia, Ivan and efeefe - exhibition - http://piratepad.net/bricolabexhibit
 * Vlax and Camilo Cantor - audiovisual concert - txt still on translation from spanish -> https://n-1.cc/pages/view/1602606/sudaca-warscape
 * Vicky - remote sessions
 * efeefe, Kasia - conference/ presentations / demos (17th)
 * brian reader/demos/workshops

THEMES emerging from IRC chat on 09/01/13
 * Deep resonant networks
 * Anti-disciplinary collaboration

KEYWORDS from IRC chat on 23/01/13
 * equator as the north-south interface // also as the true "south", since the in the southern hemisphere the south is more developed - northeasterns in brazil call rio/sp "the wonder south" - south africa, oceania etc - reversal of poles
 * subjective infrastructures
 * magnetic drift
 * "one is oriented when following eletromagnetic field lines..."
 * theory vs practice // 

Ideas
 * Publication / Reader / Research: plan coming in the next weeks. Jerneja Rebernak, John Hopkins already involved.
 * Baltic Sea 12/15 - pre-event workshop on an island 
   * If needed for editing publication or other preparation, Tapio can host 8-12 participants on a Baltic Sea island with Solar power + beds + cooking facilities + sauna. From the budget, we'd need to cover transport Helsinki-Naantali + food from supermarket. Same venue has been used twice with M.A.R.I.N. residencies. If a pre-event was to be held in Helsinki, I can host meetings of up to 12 people also at my place there for preparatory sessions before Pixelache begins but can only host 1-2 staying over.
 * following magnetic field lines or gradients orients oneself and connects one to both north and south; making a compass -- as a device that shows no difference except the direction of those field lines anywhere on the planet; 
 * A call for anyone/everyone on the brico list to make contact with a fellow bricoleur on the list (perhaps preferable someone who you DO NOT KNOW), and create a text-based (email) dialogue between the two of you as a pseudo-interview that we can add to the brico reader... (how do we facilitate this -- send out a list of subscribers and encourage contacts, or ??) Have pairs collate the back-and-forth for us, and then have a final 'cleaning up' editorial session... If everyone did this with sufficient intensity we would have a substantial textual field mapping... see http://piratepad.net/briconversations
 * Problem-solving and knowledge sharing beyond North-South dichotomies - brico approaches and offerings to network culture.   To have a streamed discussion  = panel about the brico approach to sharing solutions and practice, to lead into an online chatroom/series of chatrooms on specific themes to encourage further cross-pollination for like-minded groups and networks

 * Helsinki - 15/16/17
   * Panels:  
     * Deep Networking - going beyond artificial dicothomies
   * Presentations:
     * IOT council - Rob v K
     * ReFab Space - James Wallbank
     * Rede MetaReciclagem / Rede//Labs - Felipe Fonseca
     * Co.operaciones - Camilo Cantor
     * FerrySouth
   * Exhibition - brico-curated
     * bricolabbers making their own compasses in different locations, taking pictures of them and that's incorporated in the exibition? // what about bricolabbers organizing detournements with these compasses to hunt for sounds to be streamed from helsinki?
     * how to represent non-objects aka the narratives on how we are using the space remains a question, 
     * what are the technical specs for each of the objects that could possibly be exhibited. thinking of what we need, so we know exactly the costs.will we have any support from pixelache, aka  monitors, projectors or we need to plan for the rent ing of the equipment?
     * FerrySouth teaser video
   * Ferry transfer Helsinki- Tallinn + FerrySouth connection with Brazil
     * Water / sea project storming
 * Estonia - 18/19 (Tallinn or Naissaar)
   * Workshops
   * Online conferences (or not, depending on connectivity)
   * Working session of Bricolabs network - projects, next meetings, etc.
     * Bricolabs reader
     * FerrySouth

Questions/issues
 * How is connectivity in the venues, both in Finland and Estonia? Finland is fine, Estonia not that good (wimax) - Venues for Helsinki side are not confirmed, but should be in the next week or so -Andrew
 * Is pixelache make a publication? No budget is dedicated to it. - Pixelache isn't planning to make any medium-sized publication for festival.. In recent years, we have just made a small notebook which has details of events -Andrew
 * How much is the budget for local decentralized events and tickets (what does that mean exactly?) - Local decentralised events made by Pixelache or ? -Andrew

Housing
 * Helsinki: 2 rooms from residency housing to be allocated for bricos (Nathalie to confirm)
 * Tapio can provide housing for 1-2 bricos some private apts from Kallio district of Helsinki possibly rented by Pixelache

Local groups/places/etc.
Raquel Rennó suggests contacting Koelse:
http://koti.welho.com/aahone22/index.html
http://koti.kontu.la/aahonen/kokeellisen_elektroniikan_seur/

If you have types of people you would like to invite to get involved let us know -Andrew

List here your view on the theme Facing North/ Facing South
The logic of north-south references,within geographical terms, tends to suggests a geopolitical understanding of space. It is such relation, attributed to a each specific observant that defines where north and south is. When we allow ourselves to seek a horizon line within the universe, where actually most of our the telecommunication infrastructure is navigating – to accept the freedom to circulate around these geographical references - we actually perform their disappearance.  Within the bricolabs network, observing from various constellations, each observant perceives and performs subjectively within its own horizon, where left and right disappears and so does north and south.--> Becoming a text here: http://piratepad.net/bricolachetext


INFO SENT by Nathalie to efeefe in December:

1/ Programme content & formats

The overall theme of next year's festival being 'Facing North - Facing  South', it will be important to discuss how the Bricolabs proposal will  address this issue.
As global network with nodes both in the North and the South, there is certainly substance for this topic!

Another important aspect will be to connect to the local community here  and in Tallinn. And that is something Pixelache can certainly help with.

In Tallinn, the programme will mostly consist of informal Camp  Pixelache. For this we are planning to invite a keynote speaker (around  main theme) and some plenary speakers (around sub-themes) and the rest  is basically based on an unconference format, with an open call for  presentations and possibly demos / workshops. Keynote and plenary  speakers will be confirmed in the coming weeks. They have been chosen  through a doodle poll that was open for the past month. You were one the  candidates actually :) See here: http://www.doodle.com/hirku6e4wccudugh

A few sub-themes will help structure Camp Pixelache, that are being developed round the year through our Pixelversity programme:
http://www.pixelache.ac/helsinki/pixelversity/programme-2013/

Since 'Waste/d' will definitely be a sub-theme, we actually would like  to ask you, if you would be interested to be a plenary speaker and theme  facilitator for Camp Pixelache?

So because we are planning a very informal programme in Tallinn, we are  more expecting that the Bricolabs programme be for the Helsinki part,  and perhaps the boat part, even though Bricolabs is also more than  welcome to contribute to the Camp part. But for Helsinki, we have from  the beginning been imagining some exhibition and seminar (but of course  these can be done in many ways) and some workshops too.

In terms of workshop, there is already one that is planned (and it has  its own budget) in collaboration with Usinettes (FR) and Enda & Kër  Thiossane (Senegal) around the fabrication of a plastic recycling  machine and 3d printing with recycled plastic thread.

2/ The budget we can allocate to the programme bricolabs will be planning is 15000e.

The follow things need to be covered with this budget:
* travel & accommodation costs and fees of programme planners, artists, speakers and other guests.
* possible rent of spaces (exhibition space, seminar space - but that  depends some we can get for free), specific equipment rental (we also  have some things, depends on what's needed), transportation of  artworks/installations.

Pixelache provides from its own general budget / resources:
* production assistance (myself + Ulla Jaakkola)
* information & communication resources (also printed matters like festival leaflet)
* some equipment that we have


3/ Communication between Bricolabs & Pixelache

We understood that the planning of all this will happen through the  bricolabs mailing list, which is an interesting experiment! It's  important though to identify who is the main contact.
We presume you will be our main contact as you're the one who sent out the proposal?

Only Andrew Paterson from Pixelache is on the bricolabs list so far, more are planning to join to take part in the discussion. I am not sure if any other Pixelache members signed up yet.. I can ask next week when we have meeting 29.1. -Andrew

We figured that Tapio Mäkelä is a member of Bricolabs, so we might want  to involve him a Helsinki node. Tapio has been involved in Pixelache  earlier too!

I've taught a 1-week workshop at Pixelache in 2007, and do know Helsinki/Finland well, so maybe I can share some of that knowledge for folks going there... (who wrote that?)


5/ the Schedule

The festival is planned to take place on 16-19.5 in both Helsinki (16-17) and Tallinn (18-19)
Earlier during the festival week on 15.5, a Pixelversity online  conference will be organised around the theme 'Knowledge &  Experience Sharing' - That might also be of interest to you!

Because some people will be coming from far away countries up to the  North and need visas and so on, it would be good to have an idea of who  will be the Bricolabs guests by January 15.
Let's discuss together the rest of the schedule when we skype.


6/ Festival venues

For the Helsinki part, we are planning to concentrate the events in an  area called Suvilahti, where our office actually just moved 2 months  ago.
Here you can see an aerial picture of the area (the part on the right of the pic)
http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/31/Suvilahti_plant_from_air.jpg

I am also attaching another picture.

It's an old industrial area, from where it's rather quick to get to the city centre (with the metro 10min)
We are still figuring out different options for venues but here are a few details:

In the big outdoor open area, we could use exhibition containers (we have earlier used sponsored containers)
We also have a seminar/exhibition space reserved at the Estonian  Institute which is also there, but there the works presented should be  related to Estonia...In that place, there are also good spaces for  smaller discussions
We are also looking at other exhibition/workshops spaces in Suvilahti but haven't got confirmation yet

In terms of seminar / discussion spaces, there are several options that we are currently trying to confirm.

On the ferry, there will the possibility to use a conference room.

For Estonia, we are actually not sure yet whether Camp Pixelache will  take place in Tallinn or completely outside on an island called  Naissaari (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Naissaar)


INFO Sent from Nathalie to efeefe in January 2013:

As you maybe saw from the vote in our doodle poll (http://www.doodle.com/hirku6e4wccudugh), there was a broad range of interest in keynote speakers, and we decided to make 3 direct invitation mails.

To Mary Mellor, Marcin Jakubowski & Achille Mbembe,
As well as start a conversation with Escher Tsai about remote presentation or raising sponsorship for him to come.

