{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf480
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset77 Verdana;\f1\fmodern\fcharset77 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red230\green239\blue249;\red255\green255\blue254;\red218\green33\blue31;
\red128\green128\blue128;\red242\green247\blue254;\red0\green29\blue224;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://webchat.freenode.net/#"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs28 \cf0 \cb2 Status}}
\f0\fs28 \cb2  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://webchat.freenode.net/#"}}{\fldrslt \cb3 #bricolabsX}} {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://webchat.freenode.net/#"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 gjX}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf5 \cb6 [Bricolabs welcomes you | {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.bricolabs.net/"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 www.bricolabs.net}}]\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f1 \cf0 [21:12] \cf4 ==\cf0  jerneja [0273d403@gateway/web/freenode/ip.2.115.212.3] has joined #bricolabs\
[21:13] <\cf4 tapmak\cf0 > Hi Andrew, Jerneja\
[21:13] <jerneja> hi everyone. connecting from a medieval castle in sicily\
[21:13] <jerneja> hi Tapio\
[21:13] <agryfp> greetings!\
[21:13] <tapmak> Lucky you. :)\
[21:13] <agryfp> i am trying to guide nathalie to the chatspace\
[21:14] <tapmak> I don't see Bronac here yet, was it so she can only join in 40 mins from now?\
[21:14] <jerneja> lucky enough to witness radio connection and to meet asbesto\
[21:15] <tapmak> was it a Ham radio network connection? I have been wanting to know how to do that connected with an Arduino for some time...\
[21:16] \cf4 ==\cf0  nath-test [5a82ae52@gateway/web/freenode/ip.90.130.174.82] has joined #bricolabs\
[21:16] <tapmak> Hi Nathalie\
[21:16] <tapmak> I have heard about math tests before but not of nath-tests :)\
[21:16] <nath-test> nath-test = andrew.. just testing what she is using\
[21:16] <jerneja> i am getting the full connection on the fm tomorrow.the machine looks wonderful\
[21:17] <jerneja> testing ground everywhere :)\
[21:17] <tapmak> share pics/link?\
[21:18] <jerneja> will do.for sure.need to turn into documentation mode\
[21:18] \cf4 ==\cf0  nath-test [5a82ae52@gateway/web/freenode/ip.90.130.174.82] has quit [Client Quit]\
[21:22] \cf4 ==\cf0  nath__ [d5f3bb52@gateway/web/freenode/ip.213.243.187.82] has joined #bricolabs\
[21:22] <agryfp> hi the real nath!\
[21:22] <jerneja> hello Nathalie\
[21:22] <nath__> hi!\
[21:22] <nath__> yes it works!\
[21:23] <agryfp> ok, i am sorry i can't stay... have a nice meeting, and greetings from Latvia! (returning to Hel tomorrow)\
[21:23] <nath__> yes sure thanks andrew :)\
[21:23] <nath__> good night\
[21:23] \cf4 ==\cf0  agryfp [~agryfp@m90-130-174-82.cust.tele2.lv] has quit [Quit: Leaving]\
[21:23] <tapmak> greetings to Nathalie, and greets to Latvian friends\
[21:24] <tapmak> that was a bit ill timed\
[21:24] <nath__> i won't be able to stay very late cause i have to wake up early to catch a ferry to tallinn tomorrow morning\
[21:24] <jerneja> Nathalie, that was funny, I almost managed to meet you in Paris about a month ago. Kevin gave me your number, but then there was no reply\
[21:25] <nath__> but perhaps tapio, since you're here, we could talk quickly about the archipelago programme\
[21:25] <jerneja> perhaps i didn't send the right sms to the right number...anyway.\
[21:25] <nath__> and especially about the dates\
[21:25] <\cf4 nath__\cf0 > at least jerneja is here who is i think planning to take part right?\
[21:26] <nath__> my question is, will take place before or after pixelache?\
[21:26] <jerneja> oh yes.sure. I am sending signals from a castle.\
[21:26] <nath__> oh really (about the meeting in Paris)! i didn't get your sms\
[21:26] <jerneja> right now\
[21:26] <nath__> there must have been a pb with the number\
[21:27] <\cf4 tapmak\cf0 > Answer to that is: Post pixelache, and I know John Hopkins and Jerneja are confirmed. John is ill atm, so probably not on IRC today.\
[21:27] <nath__> ok tapio good to know\
[21:28] <nath__> exact dates would be good to have because of accommodation for people who are staying loner\
[21:28] <nath__> longer\
[21:28] <\cf4 tapmak\cf0 > Just e-mailed you Nathalie that staying at my flat pre/during Helsinki pixel would be: John, Jerneja, Ira and possibly Felipe\
[21:28] <tapmak> And when on island, no need for stay elsewhere, and after island, I can also provide accomodation, so pretty flexible.\
[21:28] <nath__> wow, incredible\
[21:28] <nath__> thanks tapio!\
[21:29] <nath__> cause we have cheap accommodation reserved in suomenlinna until 20.5 but not after, at least for the moment\
[21:29] <tapmak> = only cost is some transport as my silly car can only accomodate 2 ppl\
[21:29] <jerneja> yes I guess then the number was not right..but don't worry I only had one day or so. (intermezzo here) sorry\
[21:29] <nath__> which archipelago are we talking about? Turku?\
[21:29] <tapmak> yes, past Naantali.\
[21:30] <jerneja> greatful for that Tapio, don't know if I mentioned that before\
[21:30] <nath__> amazing, you're going to have a great time!\
[21:30] <nath__> may i ask who are lalenia and kiilo?\
[21:30] <jerneja> Nat, one question, everything solved with the ticket for Ira?\
[21:30] <jerneja> lalenia is a robot\
[21:30] <tapmak> cheers. :) About 8 ppl can be there, so besides editing crew, maybe some additional ppl will go, Kasia and Ivan perhaps.\
[21:30] <\cf4 lalenia\cf0 > jerneja: Error: You must be registered to use this command. If you are already registered, you must either identify (using the identify command) or add a hostmask matching your current hostmask (using the "hostmask add" command).\
[21:31] <nath__> not yet, i am on the case\
[21:31] <tapmak> How long can Ira stay btw?\
[21:31] <jerneja> not long, until 20 I believe\
[21:31] <jerneja> and she is with Imot, if I am getting this right\
[21:32] <tapmak> so Ira and Imot are coming?\
[21:32] <nath__> Ira wrote that she can stay un 19.5\
[21:32] <jerneja> also Nathalie, I will be asking you for an invitation letter for Beirut hackerspace, they are trying to arrange their flight ticket through a grant..we are trying to work on that\
[21:32] <nath__> ok yes fine\
[21:32] <nath__> Ira was also asking if we could bring Tommy\
[21:32] <jerneja> no sorry Tommy is coming\
[21:33] <nath__> ?\
[21:33] <jerneja> not Imot, but Tommy, that is all HONF crew\
[21:34] <nath__> has been confirmed with Felipe that Tommy is also coming? I would be happy if so, but i must say that i am little worried with the budget and Felipe has been offline for a week already\
[21:35] <nath__> Kasia and Ivan would also like to invite a friend and Kruno is also planning to come with Maja\
[21:36] <jerneja> i see. well the question should be put forward of course. let's wait for Felipe to be online...I cannot imagine though indonesians to be left around in europe\
[21:36] <nath__> So i mean that I don't know how many more people we can take before Felipe has a look at the budget again\
[21:36] <jerneja> sure, that is a good point and needs to be confirmed and decided.yes\
[21:36] \cf4 ==\cf0  kasiamolga [522dca3a@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.45.202.58] has joined #bricolabs\
[21:37] <nath__> yes I know, but I can't make the decision. that needs to be discussed with Felipe\
[21:37] <tapmak> Best to sort out tickets for those who are already on the programme + discussed, then make a budget check with Felipe, then later additions or ppl who have their own funding?\
[21:38] <nath__> Yes exactely\
[21:38] <nath__> I guess that even sms won't work for Felipe at the moment if he is in the middle of the ocean?\
[21:39] <tapmak> An invite letter costs only your time Nathalie, so those can be multiplied. Also good to check if we have available inexpensive housing and what is the cost for Tallinn part, then figure out the remaining budget and inclusions.\
[21:39] <tapmak> Nathalie, you can try to send email\
[21:39] <tapmak> Many ocean liners have Internet, but SMS for sure not, until he has reached Europe.\
[21:39] <nath__> yes invite letters are totally fine\
[21:40] <nath__> but indeed as you point, it's not only flights, it's also accommodation\
[21:40] <nath__> and cheap\'ca\'caand decent accommodation starts to be quite rare at this point because of the ice hockey championship\
[21:40] <tapmak> Hi Kasia - have you got dates for Helsinki stay already? And are you and Ivan able and willing to visit the island post Estonia Pixel?\
[21:43] \cf4 ==\cf0  asbesto [~asbesto@adsl-ull-162-75.46-151.net24.it] has joined #bricolabs\
[21:43] <tapmak> nath: yes, have checked hotel prices for other stays and it is 80 euros and up. Is Suomenlinna quota full?\
[21:43] <asbesto> finally I'm here! \\o/\
[21:43] <asbesto> damn cell phone :/\
[21:43] <jerneja> yes. you made it. hello Asbesto\
[21:44] <nath__> yes Suomenlinna quota is full!\
[21:44] <tapmak> hello Asbesto; I could not connect to brico chat last time via mobile connection.\
[21:44] <kasiamolga> Hi guys!\
[21:45] <kasiamolga> sorry for delay\
[21:45] <nath__> hi kasia!\
[21:45] <tapmak> Hi Kasia; u in London?\
[21:45] <kasiamolga> hey - I need to be back to london by 21st of May\
[21:45] <jerneja> hi Kasia. you are not late, no. wish kruno would be here.hopefully soon\
[21:45] <kasiamolga> yes - i am in London at the moment\
[21:46] <asbesto> So I'm here lurking :) don't care about me :)\
[21:46] <asbesto> my connection is unstable\
[21:46] <kasiamolga> till 21st of april - then going to Rotterdam and then need to be back in london for 8th of may and then Venice till 12th (although that still under quesrtion mark due to funds)\
[21:46] <kasiamolga> oh ok\'ca\'ca- so it 9 p.m. uk time after all\
[21:46] <kasiamolga> am always confused\
[21:48] <kasiamolga> I cant say anything for Ivan re: staying on the island post Estonia\
[21:49] <tapmak> ok Kasia, when do you plan to arrive?\
[21:49] <kasiamolga> 12th evening or 13th morning\
[21:50] <tapmak> ok dokey\
[21:51] <kasiamolga> Asbesto - we care about you whether you are luriking on not\
[21:51] <tapmak> Lurkers United\
[21:52] <tapmak> So... Bronac likely to join at 9 PM UK time? She has been the last one to have closer chat with Felipe. I was skiing in the FI tundra.\
[21:52] <jerneja> I imagine now that was the time.\
[21:54] <tapmak> Nathalie; besides the budget+logistics of stay, what are the main issues at the moment in terms of time before Felipe is ... land connected? Better not use the term grounded here :)\
[21:55] <nath__> Well there is this deadline for texts about the exhibition and the conference programme\
[21:56] <nath__> We need those for publicity purposes. We are hoping to announce as much programme as possible in our next newsletter which should go at the end of this week\
[21:57] <nath__> I guess Bronac is the person who will mostly deal with those...\
[21:57] <nath__> and then remote sessions are another topic, but if Victoria is not here, I am not sure how much we can talk about those\
[21:58] <nath__> Then I guess it would be good go through the exhibition\
[21:59] <tapmak> I can help at Bronac with the text on the Conference. In the Exhibition side, there is a lot of material that is possible, but i don't have a view on which are the things that will for certain happen, which are probable. So for the exhibition, a slightly more "rounded" expression i is perhaps the best thing to do.\
[22:00] <nath__> yes ok\
[22:00] <tapmak> I think the exhibition needs one more round of double checks in relation to confirmed / within budget and feasilbe / TBC\
[22:00] <nath__> yes sure\
[22:01] <tapmak> Do you have a view on this Kasia?\
[22:01] <tapmak> And in between things, Asbesto, do you have ways of getting local support to get to Pixelache?\
[22:02] <kasiamolga> well, it is difficult to say as I am confused what exactly was 100% confirmed\
[22:02] <nath__> Regarding technical questions for the exhibition, Ville Hyv\'9anen is the person to contact at Pixelache (ville@pixelache.ac). Kruno is already in touch with Ville\
[22:03] <nath__> and also Kasia and Ivan are\
[22:03] <kasiamolga> So i guess for now = depending when we need to provide all info (what is a deadline?) - we might need to come up with something semi-generic\
[22:03] <kasiamolga> (yes Ivan and I are already in touch with Ville)\
[22:03] <nath__> we are sending the newsletter on monday morning, so we should get the texts on sunday at the latest\
[22:03] <kasiamolga> so regarding the expo text - certainly I am more than happy to help with that too\
[22:05] <jerneja> so just to be practical maybe we can talk to Kruno over email and see if we can elaborate on text...or just wait few more minutes for bronac.\
[22:05] <jerneja> both indeed would be the way.\
[22:05] <asbesto> here I am back, sorry for delay\
[22:06] <asbesto> local support to get to pixelache? no :(\
[22:06] <asbesto> we're in big troubles just to cover our basic expenses :(\
[22:06] <asbesto> we started our computer museum and this is a cost for us, because we actually have no income\
[22:07] <asbesto> some projects running only by our personal money and some rare donations\
[22:08] <asbesto> (ps {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://museum.freaknet.org/"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 http://museum.freaknet.org}})\
[22:08] <lalenia> Title: Museo dellInformatica Funzionante (at museum.freaknet.org)\
[22:09] <tapmak> Okay; as we need Felipe who knows about where the budget stands, we talked earlier, cannot see if more flights can be included, and he will need to decide who if there is some \'db.\
[22:09] <tapmak> I hope to visit your place some time Asbesto, and would love to learn Ham radio modem use too. :)\
[22:09] <asbesto> I'm happy to host you and everyone at our Museum! :)\
[22:09] <asbesto> (we're happy :)\
[22:10] <tapmak> cheers!\
[22:10] <tapmak> mmm.... no sign of Bronac yet\
[22:11] <nath__> yes regarding the budget, there also question marks around the exhibition, until all the stuff is confirmed\
[22:12] <jerneja> keeping fingers crossed, if this happens then you can contribute with exhibition as well as conference. my slot is hackerspaces...and better to include you in there\
[22:12] <jerneja> looking forward to hear more poetry hacklab/freaknet\
[22:12] <jerneja> >)\
[22:13] <asbesto> well,\
[22:13] <asbesto> what do you need to hear? :)\
[22:13] <jerneja> ja.the process of making happenings happen\
[22:13] <asbesto> it will be fantastic to go to pixelache, but we have no budget :(\
[22:13] <asbesto> we can bring a lot about our work, about hacklab and his survived project - the museum\
[22:14] <asbesto> with everything related, from computer restoration to media recovery to learning processes, etc.\
[22:14] <asbesto> boh :)\
[22:14] <jerneja> inspiration_poetry of coding_defining and what we are trying to do as exhibition eventually. how to represent bricolabs, that is basically poetry too\
[22:15] <kasiamolga> if everyone who wants to participate in eaxhibit can send me few para - I am more than happy to compile it and try to put it together as a one piece of writing :)\
[22:15] <kasiamolga> if needed\
[22:16] <jerneja> the input on your participation will be then decided when felipe gets online i am understanding\
[22:16] <asbesto> ok\
[22:16] <tapmak> Good idea, can you prompt everyone who is listed here: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://pixelache.muistio.tieke.fi/bricolabs-exhibit"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 http://pixelache.muistio.tieke.fi/bricolabs-exhibit}} and ask for a short para?\
[22:16] <lalenia> <{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://ln-s.net/+rfE%3E"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 http://ln-s.net/+rfE>}} (at pixelache.muistio.tieke.fi)\
[22:17] <tapmak> asbesto: and good to think also what to send/how to contribute if remote\
[22:17] <asbesto> yep!\
[22:17] <kasiamolga> Tapmak - yes - will send an email to all later tonight and make a note on the pad\
[22:18] <nath__> just for a mail from bronac, who said she came to irc and saw no one. so i said we are here\
[22:18] <nath__> sorry just for a mail from her\
[22:19] <nath__> i will have to fade away quite soon, as I need to get up in 6 hours from now. going to estonia tomorrow morning\
[22:20] <nath__> i will meet on skype with bronac on friday anyways to go through things\
[22:20] <asbesto> I wish to be more helpful :/\
[22:21] <jerneja> your presence!so helpful!\
[22:22] <asbesto> :)\
[22:25] <tapmak> I just e-mailed Bronac as well\
[22:26] <nath__> ok guys so i am going to leave the chat, it was nice to take part. from now on i'll be able to take part more often. we'll be in touch soon!\
[22:26] <nath__> keep up the good work\
[22:27] <kasiamolga> Thanks Nathalie!\
[22:27] <kasiamolga> have a good night\
[22:27] <tapmak> Enjoy Tallinn Nathalie!\
[22:27] \cf4 ==\cf0  agryfp [~agryfp@m90-130-174-82.cust.tele2.lv] has joined #bricolabs\
[22:27] <nath__> :)\
[22:27] \cf4 ==\cf0  agryfp [~agryfp@m90-130-174-82.cust.tele2.lv] has quit [Client Quit]\
[22:28] \cf4 ==\cf0  nath__ [d5f3bb52@gateway/web/freenode/ip.213.243.187.82] has quit [Quit: Page closed]\
[22:30] <kasiamolga> Hey all - I might need to fade away too, but I am as always on email and am gonna to send email to everyone requesting the expo para in a minute\
[22:31] <jerneja> good.bronac just sent an email. I would like to know more about james and kruno discussion, so will be emailing them soon.\
[22:32] <\cf4 asbesto\cf0 > jerneja maybe we talk tomorrow about this ok? :)\
[22:32] <jerneja> also, sorry to hear John is not that well, I am working with some people on text for the reader though\
[22:32] \cf4 ==\cf0  bronac [56066f20@gateway/web/freenode/ip.86.6.111.32] has joined #bricolabs\
[22:32] <jerneja> yes asbesto\
[22:32] <kasiamolga> SO Good Night! and lets continue over the email\
[22:32] <tapmak> yes, Bronac had the Hashtag at the wrong end of bricolabs :)\
[22:32] \cf4 ==\cf0  kasiamolga [522dca3a@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.45.202.58] has quit [Quit: Page closed]\
[22:32] <bronac> sorry everyone .....guess its ending\
[22:32] <asbesto> hi :)\
[22:33] <tapmak> hiya, yes, getting close to midnight here too.\
[22:33] <bronac> ####\
[22:33] <tapmak> Too much hash\
[22:33] <jerneja> hahaa\
[22:33] <jerneja> hello bronac!\
[22:35] <jerneja> it's been shortly summarized in your email. those tasks to solve. I was just saying that I hope John gets better soon.I am collecting some text for bricoreader.have been talking with asbesto here in Sicily and we will talk more tomorrow\
[22:36] <tapmak> And we discussed that since we need to run a check through exhibition items which are confirmed which not, thus the corresponding text needs to be generic at this point.\
[22:37] <jerneja> and we defined postpixelache dates+organization for Nathalie about accommodation, and wandering about connecting with Felipe\'ca\'caas he was crossing the ocean\
[22:37] <tapmak> He'd need a good Ham radio modem out there....\
[22:37] \cf4 ==\cf0  bronac [56066f20@gateway/web/freenode/ip.86.6.111.32] has quit [Ping timeout: 245 seconds]\
[22:37] <tapmak> or maybe the boat is satellite linked up.\
[22:37] <jerneja> ups. guess is not our luckiest day on irc\
[22:38] <tapmak> ha, we are now summarizing for a ghost that left the shell\
[22:38] <jerneja> haha\
[22:38] <tapmak> oui\
[22:38] <jerneja> yep\
[22:38] <tapmak> I don't really get it why irc acts up for some connections. Any idea on this Asbestos?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li840\ri1220\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f1 \cf0 [22:40] <tapmak> minus the s at the end\
[22:42] <asbesto> what do you mean?\
[22:42] <asbesto> tapmak: we have a radio modem now in the castle! :)\
[22:43] <asbesto> not a really radio modem - but an audio interface between my radio and my computer :) I can transmit/receive a lot of digital stuff :)\
[22:48] <tapmak> .... I think I read about this in a post ... historic ... thinking of days also here, when you could download a game for your home computer by _recording_ it from an FM radio broadcast!\
[22:48] <tapmak> Never did that myself only read about it later\
[22:49] <tapmak> (minus s at the end was becaue I spelled asbestos instead of asbesto)\
[22:50] <tapmak> started also drifting away responding to some e-mail I got; maybe time to say good night, just before local midnight?\
[22:51] <asbesto> :)\
[22:51] <asbesto> I made this kind of FM transmission of computer programs back in the '80!!! :)\
[22:53] <tapmak> nice! So it was a "pan-european" practice back then too\
[22:54] <tapmak> not well documented. I think by collecting some material on these we could write an interesting essay perhaps...\
[22:54] <tapmak> and some ideas for later :)\
[22:55] <asbesto> yep\
[22:55] <asbesto> :)\
[22:55] <tapmak> Now, I need a late night tea and hands off the keyboard, so warm wishes to Sicily and good night from rather chilly Helsinki!\
[22:56] <\cf4 tapmak\cf0 > bye Jerneja; bye asbesto\
[22:56] \cf4 ==\cf0  gj [~chatzilla@93-139-83-243.adsl.net.t-com.hr] has joined #bricolabs\
[22:57] <gj> dear bricos\
[22:59] <asbesto> :)\
[23:00] <gj> hej asbesto\
[23:00] <gj> was too late today\
[23:00] <gj> just came back\
[23:01] <gj> can you forward caht log pls?\
[23:03] <asbesto> I was a bit late too\
[23:03] <asbesto> I think Jernaia can do this better than me\
[23:03] <\cf4 asbesto\cf0 > jerneja, sorry\
[23:03] <asbesto> :D\
[23:04] <gj> ok thnx\
[23:05] <gj> ive sended email for a group\
[23:06] <gj> turning off, :)\
[23:06] \cf4 ==\cf0  gj [~chatzilla@93-139-83-243.adsl.net.t-com.hr] has quit [Quit: ChatZilla 0.9.90 [Firefox 19.0.2/20130307122853]]\
[23:11] <asbesto> I quit too\
[23:11] <asbesto> bye all\
[23:11] <asbesto> :*\
[23:11] \cf4 ==\cf0  asbesto [~asbesto@adsl-ull-162-75.46-151.net24.it] has quit [Quit: Leaving]}